areas:
1. Fault tolerant or self healing phased arrays. 
    These works aim to maintain acceptable beamforming performance even when
    some components fail. 
    "genes" refer to evolutionary algorithms to optimise beam patterns, treating
    phase configurations like chromosomes. 
    My method differs because it is deterministic and greedy rather than evolutionary. 
    (also see point 2 - low resolution phase shifter context)

    keywords:
        fault tolerant phased arrays
        self healing antenna arrays
        robust beamforming
        sparse or constrained array optimisation
        genetic algorithm antenna optimisation (swarm optim)

2. Quantised phase shifter optimisation
    even without hardware failure, optimising under limited bit quantisation is a hot topic. 
    My work adds another layer of constraint - specific bits being stuck. 

    keywords:
        quantised beamforming
        low resolution phase shifter design
        bit constrained antenna calib

3. antenna calibreation with hardware imperfections
    Some papers consider imperfect

Novelty:
    consider known, fixed bit faults at each element
    constrained optim element-wise rather than globally.
    achieve performance improvement without metaheuristic methods (like GAs), and with 
        better computational efficiency.


Papers:
    Robust adaptive beamforming
    Embryonics Based Phased Array Antenna Structure With Self-Repair Ability 
        use embryonic cells (hardware)
    Fast Beamforming With Fault Tolerance in Massive Phased Arrays Using Intelligent Learning Control
        dynamic problem. Mine is more constrained, static optimisation problem. 
    

Emanuelle:
    The difference in error model is where my story is. 
    The reason why we have other noise error is the fabrication (patch, not exctly where they should be)
    need to cite the closest possible paper to what we're doing. Explain them enough to explain what im doing is different. 

    a lot of these people are optmisation people. They tend to take the same problem from previous
        papers and show that their optimisation is better. 

    Can look at other optimisation algorithms. 
    Situation could be I want something onboard to fix it. 

    Make a bit of a story where the scenario makes sense. Suppose we could detect the fault. 

    Emanuelle: noise model is important. Most papers have this model. 
        Where is this noise injected? We assume the noise is neglidgible compared 
            to the damage of the bits. Delicate diodes. 

    there are two contributions:
        finding a new problem and solving it. 
        finding an old problem and solving with a new method. 
        (third): make a problem up. In maths, if you can't solve it, change the problem. 
            By adding hypothesis you may have restricted the scope of your thesis. 
            Now, you can do it in maths, but when you do this in engineering, 
                you start making approximations and just so you can solve your problem,
                    then things can go wrong - this problem can not even exist. 
        theory is the first order approximation in the taylor expansion of practice. 
            We do theory because we can manage it, but hten the real thing has to make sense. 
            the theory is hard and beautiful, but it's less engineering. 
            We should be always aware where we're sitting. 

        Maybe a problem is useless today

Maybe i should think about adding noise into the model? 
    And show that 

try to set the lit rev paragraph in the report, start putting in the papers that are related. 
Use the paper i gave Emanuelle as a guideline. 
for every reference you find, find the contribution paragraph. Id the problem and contrib. 
Add my contribution. 